what makes you unique is not that you're
thinking unique thoughts is that you're
taking in all the thoughts that exist
and reacting to them in a unique way
sure and you're taking people that it
took them 30 40 years to accumulate that
knowledge they put it into something you
can read in a week like if you actually
open yourself up to be changed to put
that knowledge into immediate action you
can actually like change your life and
learn the things that they know and so
my life has literally been taking all
these books and anyone that will stand
still long enough to teach me something
and I put my ego aside I sit at their
feet and I learn